README.md, before:

# Modular Sensor Platform

Project conducted at Nimbus Research Centre by Arthur Gaudard and supervised by Juan F. Martinez.

## Purpose

The objective of this 15-week research and development project is to create an intelligent flooring solution capable of tracking presence and monitoring activity. The project aims to develop a state-of-the-art modular mat with a multilayer material stack that can accurately detect and recognize one or more pressure points, with sufficient precision as to determine the shape and possibly nature of what is interacting with it. The mat will capture data using capacitive sensor technology and transmit it to a server for analysis. Scalability is a key consideration, allowing for replication and deployment of the module in an array configuration.

## Objective

The ultimate goal is to develop a functional prototype capable of detecting and differentiating between the presence, location, and weight of humans and/or objects, and of extracting from that data as much contextual information as possible, including displacement and orientation of individuals, detection of falls, etc...  
Ideally, the prototype would be comprised of several tiles interacting to form the sensor itself, to allow further scalability.

### PCB design

-- WIP --

### User interface

This repository contains the [code to the UI](mspview)

Commit message:

Adding first draft to embedded code

README.md, after:

# Modular Sensor Platform

Project conducted at Nimbus Research Centre by Arthur Gaudard and supervised by Juan F. Martinez.

## Purpose

The objective of this 15-week research and development project is to create an intelligent flooring solution capable of tracking presence and monitoring activity. The project aims to develop a state-of-the-art modular mat with a multilayer material stack that can accurately detect and recognize one or more pressure points, with sufficient precision as to determine the shape and possibly nature of what is interacting with it. The mat will capture data using capacitive sensor technology and transmit it to a server for analysis. Scalability is a key consideration, allowing for replication and deployment of the module in an array configuration.

## Objective

The ultimate goal is to develop a functional prototype capable of detecting and differentiating between the presence, location, and weight of humans and/or objects, and of extracting from that data as much contextual information as possible, including displacement and orientation of individuals, detection of falls, etc...  
Ideally, the prototype would be comprised of several tiles interacting to form the sensor itself, to allow further scalability.

### PCB design

-- WIP --

### Embedded programming

This repository contains the [code for the device](mspsensor).

### User interface

This repository also contains the [code to the UI](mspview).
